In which book is there a robot graveyard?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 4)

In which book does an otter push an important button with its paw?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 6)

In which book is a character compared to a hatchling breaking from a shell?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 8)

In which book does a character tumble into a mudslide during a big storm?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 28)

In which book does a character camouflage themself with dirt, sticks, twigs, ferns, leaves and flowers?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 42)

In which book does someone learn the languages of many different kinds of animals by observing them while they are camouflaged?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 48)

In which book does someone accidentally kill a family of geese?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 58)

In which book does a beaver reprimand another beaver for being stubborn and rude?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 80)

In which book does a character ask all of the animals to defecate (poop) in their garden?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 93)

In which book does a goose become a flying fanatic?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 117)

In which book does a bear give a character a ride home on her back?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 147)

In which book does a character lose their foot and get a replacement wooden foot?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 154)

In which book does a character welcome animals to join them during the winter to stay warm by
the fire? 
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 178)

In which book does a character notice that the wilder they acted, the more the animals liked the
character?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 200)

In which book does a character discover a factory where robots are built?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 210)

In which book do a son and his adopted mother spend the winter apart?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 209)

In which book do animals save their friend while others are attempting to capture the friend?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 236)

In which book does a character devise a plan on an airship to get the repairs they need, escape, and find their way back home?
Answer: The Wild Robot by Peter Brown (p. 269)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, where does the story begin?
Answer: On the ocean (p. 1)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, how many crates from the cargo ship survive the hurricane initially?
Answer: Five (p. 1)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what kind of animals open the crate with the robot in it?
Answer: Otters (p. 5)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what is the robot’s full name and number?
Answer: ROZZUM unit 7134 (p. 7)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what kind of an animal does Roz mimic to climb the cliffs?
Answer: Crab (p. 14)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what kind of animals does Roz awaken when she steps into a cave after the storm?
Answer: Bears (p. 34)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what is the hour each morning called when all the island animals are safe?
Answer: The Dawn Truce (p. 49)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, name two of the animals Roz meets during the Dawn Truce by name and type?
Answer: (Any two:) Swooper the owl, Dart the weasel, Digdown the groundhog, Fink the fox (p. 50)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, when Roz plummets off the side of the cliff, who does she land on?
Answer: A family of geese (p. 58)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what are two of the facts Roz retrieves about opossums?
Answer: (Any two:) They’re marsupials, they’re nocturnal, they mimic the appearance and/or smell of dead animals when threatened. (p. 66)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what name is given to the surviving gosling after it hatches?
Answer: Brightbill (p. 76)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, who builds a lodge for Roz and Brightbill?
Answer: Beavers (p. 84)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what does Roz name her lodge?
Answer: The Nest (p. 88)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what does Chitchat tell Brightbill that a squirrel nest is called?
Answer: A drey (p. 110)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, why were the other goslings making fun of Brightbill?
Answer: His mother is a robot (or: His mother is a monster) (p. 123)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, why can’t Roz touch the button on her head?
Answer: Her hands automatically stop before they reach the button. (p. 135)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what are the names of the bears that attack Roz?
Answer: Nettle and Thorn (p. 141)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, who is the first animal to join Roz in the lodge by the fire during the winter?
Answer: Chitchat the squirrel (p. 177)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what kind of animal does Roz save from the second lodge that catches on fire?
Answer: A hare (p. 186)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, how many winters has Crag the turtle seen?
Answer: 93 (p. 191) 

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, why is Rockmouth angry at the beavers?
Answer: He was trapped in the pond when the beavers built their dam. (p. 198)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, where do the geese stay when they are unexpectedly caught in a snowstorm on their flight south?
Answer: In a greenhouse on a farm. (p. 206)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, how does Roz commemorate the one-year anniversary of her arrival on the island?
Answer: Party/celebration for her animal friends (p. 217)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, what word is etched on the three robots on the airship that flies over the island?
Answer: RECO (p. 223)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, according to the RECO robots, who does Roz belong to?
Answer: TechLab Industries (p. 227)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, how is RECO 3 destroyed?
Answer: By the kicks of Broadfoot the bull moose (p. 234)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, how is RECO 2 finally destroyed after its battle with the bears?
Answer: It falls over a waterfall (p. 242)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, how is RECO 1 destroyed?
Answer: He is shot by the geese (p. 255)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, after the battle with the RECOs, what body parts is Roz missing?
Answer: Her arms and legs (p. 258)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, when Roz gathers the animals after the battle with the RECOs for the Dawn Truce, what does she tell them she has decided?
Answer: She will leave the island so she can protect her island friends from more danger (p. 261)

In The Wild Robot by Peter Brown, who does the author think robots have some things in common with?
Answer: Wild animals (p. 272)

In which book does a character have first lunch as part of their middle school schedule?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 6)

In which book do certain lunch tables have nicknames like “Ribbon Ravine,” “Jock Mountain,” and “Valley of Burps & Smells?”
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 21)

In which book does a character eat lunch in the library alone at the beginning of sixth grade?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 24)

In which book is there a class where students can earn a higher rank throughout the year?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 27)

In which book does a character have an older half brother out of college who has their own apartment?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 40)

In which book is a character offered extra credit for running for student council?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 61)

In which book is a character’s favorite restaurant The Wonderful World of Waffles?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 94)

In which book does a coin-flip determine which bedrooms two characters get to sleep in?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 116)

In which book are there two teddy bears named Venus and Serena?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 120)

In which book does a character think that sixth graders should be buddied up with older students at the beginning of middle school?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 131)

In which book does a character tell someone else’s secret to someone in their gym class?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 160)

In which book does a character join Color Guard?
Answer: Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright (p. 245)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what is the name of the twins’ new middle school?
Answer: O’Connor Middle School (p. 1)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, which twin is the talker, and which twin is the thinker?
Answer: Francine is the talker, Maureen is the thinker (p. 8)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, name two of the three classes the twins have together.
Answer: (Any two:) Advisory, science, language arts (p. 9)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, which twin is ¼ inch shorter?
Answer: Maureen (p. 10)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, who is the twins’ advisory teacher?
Answer: Mrs. Barbosa (p. 17)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what is the name and rank of Maureen’s Youth Cadet Corps instructor?
Answer: Master Sergeant Lucinda Fields (p. 27)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what is Francine’s favorite class after the first day of sixth grade?
Answer: Chorus (p. 30)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, Francine is how much older than Maureen?
Answer: Two minutes (p. 36)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, according to Francine and Maureen’s dad, who is the “fifth gear” in their group of friends?
Answer: Monique (p. 50)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what student council position do Maureen and Francine both run for?
Answer: President (p. 81)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what is the name of the store where the salesperson is rude to Maureen and her friends?
Answer: Mercy Danger (p. 92)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, how long do Francine and Maureen have to live in separate rooms?
Answer: Two weeks, or until the election is over (p. 115)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what topic does Master Sergeant always put on the first exam?
Answer: Military history (p. 129)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, what is the name of the seventh grade class president?
Answer: Rhonda (p. 131)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, who tips off Maureen that her sister is being tutored after school?
Answer: Monique (p. 202)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, which twin wins the student council election?
Answer: Francine (p. 238)

In Twins by Varian Johnson and Shannon Wright, who is Maureen’s seventh grade buddy?
Answer: Bryce (p. 246)

In which book is a story told about King John of Portugal giving away a city as a dowry for his daughter’s marriage to King Charles II of England?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 17)

In which book does one character dream of being a star chef with their own TV show?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 9)

In which book is there a saying “If you invite trouble, it will come. It will stay for chai and for dinner.”
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 5)

In which book do a brother and sister use a notebook to share secrets at night?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 28)

In which book are two friends sent to a farm in the country to get away from trouble?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 32)

In which book does someone notice a flyer that says “Water is life. Stealing water is a crime.”
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 41)

In which book does a character get teased that okra is their favorite vegetable?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 44)

In which book does a character conquer their fear by climbing a rickety ladder to the roof?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 59)

In which book does a character learn from a security guard that their mother thinks they are as smart as her mother’s sister?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 66)

In which book does a character celebrate not getting fired from their first day on the job?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 74)

In which book does a character learn the day before about an important practice exam?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 102)

In which book do two characters share a bowl of noodles while they study for the same exam?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 109)

In which book do two characters hope that a stolen photograph will alert the police to the leader of a crime ring?
Answer: Thirst by Varsha Bajaj (p. 157)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character chooses what color to paint the family house?
Answer: yellow (p. 2)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a mango is given as a thank you gift. What for?
Answer: Combing and braiding Pinky’s hair (p. 10)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, we learn that Bombay was made up of how many disconnected islands?
Answer: Seven (p. 18)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, the room a brother and sister share is filled with photographs from magazines. What are the photographs of?
Answer: Mouthwatering foods and beautiful beaches (p. 38)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character’s mother teaches them how to make what?
Answer: Rotis (p. 52)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character is told not to go into a certain room because of who lives there. Who is it?
Answer: Anita Ma’am’s mother-in-law (p. 69)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, two characters get into trouble for playing a card game together. What is the name of the card game?
Answer: Uno (p. 80)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character wins a scholarship for a special kind of class. What is the class and when does it meet?
Answer: Computer class and it meets on Sundays (p. 86)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character recognizes something about someone’s father, and drops what they are holding. What did they recognize and what did they drop?
Answer: The man’s voice, a bowl of pudding (p. 136)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character is often late for school and gets in trouble. Their teacher makes a suggestion that might help, what is it?
Answer: To boil their water at night (p. 132)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character suggests adding something to the rotis to make them softer. What is it?
Answer: oil (p. 127)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character’s mother is diagnosed with a disease that she got from drinking water that was not boiled. What is the disease?
Answer: Hepatitis A (p. 160)

In Thirst by Varsha Bajaj, a character loses their job and starts their own business. What is the business selling and what is its name?
Answer: Rotis. Rohini’s Rotis (p. 172)

In which book did the main character’s mother disappear right before their thirteenth birthday?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 3)

In which book is the “Many Worlds” principle described as other universes pushed up right next to us, almost identical to ours but with small changes?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 45)

In which book does a doctor lie about calling the library to try to locate the main character’s father?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 92)

In which book are two friends described as “remainders;” both living an extra careful life so their parents won’t relive the pain of losing a child?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 107)

In which book do friends prepare an email for delayed delivery which would explain they were on a mountain search?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 108)

In which book do Initials and their time traveling selves appear to stutter or shimmer if they are in close proximity to each other?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 118)

In which book is there a secret society to protect the timeline?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 155)

In which book does a character keep a note in his pocket from his grandmother that reads “I was wrong. Don’t trust anyone?”
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 72)

In which book does ISTA, The International Society for Temporal Adherence, become a problem?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 116)

In which book does an unknown character occasionally speak directly to the reader between chapters?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 185)

In which book are “nodes’ like knots on a thread where you can grab hold and then jump off; they’re markers and landing points?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 203)

In which book are “imprints” alternative timelines from the “prime imprint” of the original timeline?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 208)

In which book does the story include multiple universes, each with multiple timelines?
Answer: A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine (p. 322)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, why was Finn reluctant to go swimming with his good friend Gabi at the quarry?
Answer: It was where his twin sister had drowned. (p. 18)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Gabi and Finn became friends when she dreamt that he was in trouble and couldn’t get back home. What did she send him?
Answer: A ball of sunlight (p. 22)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, who are the two tiny figures in the quarry photo that Finn studies in his father's office?
Answer: Finn and Grace (p. 105)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, what gender have the family’s time travelers been?
Answer: Female; they have all been women (p. 155)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Finn’s mother built a portal, a way to reach her in an emergency. What is the portal made from?
Answer: A tree (p. 63)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Finn and Gabi come upon a cabin in the woods. What is nailed above the door?
Answer: A rotting animal skull (p. 179)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, who is trying to make decisions about what should be changed in history?
Answer: Doc and/or his faction of ISTA (p. 207)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Finn is told of the most powerful time traveler in their family. Who is it?
Answer: Faith, his sister (p. 209)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Finn finally finds his mother who then shares her plan with him. Why does resentment explode inside Finn after his mother asks for his help?
Answer: His mother never intends to return home with him; she will stay behind to try to raise and teach his sister with love. (p. 219)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, before time traveling to find his sister, Faith, Finn feels in his pocket for his meager arsenal of three objects. What are any two of the three objects?
Answer: Gran’s note, the grounding stone, and/or the skeleton key ring (p. 223)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Gran tells Finn that time is stubborn, and changing the outcome of time is not about the beat of a wing or catching a later bus. What does Gran say is the key to changing timeline outcomes?
Answer: If you want to change time, you must change hearts. It’s about people’s choices to be kind. (p. 324)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, Gabi finally teases Finn that he should fear and respect her because she is now part machine. Why is she now “part machine?”
Answer: Gabi’s serious injuries left her with metal pins inserted into her arm. (p. 327)

In A Time Traveler’s Theory of Relativity by Nicole Valentine, the book closes with Finn mentally connecting with an old woman who is standing in front of a bank. Who is she?
Answer: Finn’s sister, Faith (p. 335)

In which book do they visit Village Ice Cream?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 6)

In which book did someone break their arm skateboarding?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 8)

In which book does someone have a bike named Magic Broom?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 14)

In which book do they listen to the Beastie Boys after the first day of school?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 19)

In which book do they have pizza night with extra cheese, extra sausage and lots of olives?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 21)

In which book did someone’s grandma lose a leg because of diabetes?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 25)

In which book does the character live 8 blocks away from school?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 40)

In which book are they doing a puzzle with a Yeti on top of a mountain?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 44)

In which book do they eat breakfast for dinner, pancakes and bacon and scrambled eggs?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 75)

In which book did someone receive a guitar on their seventh birthday?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 78)

In which book does someone have a pillow that smells like lavender oil?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 92)

In which book is the phrase “I need the trail” used as a code?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 114)

In which book do they reference the song “I Wanna Dance With Somebody” by Whitney Houston?
Answer: Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson (p. 128)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, in what year does the book begin?
Answer: 1999 (p. 0)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what is their dad’s nickname?
Answer: Zachariah44 (p. 4)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, how many “pounds of pain” is his father?
Answer: 223 (p. 5)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, which friend can divide fractions in their head?
Answer: Ollie (p. 14)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what does the note say that was pinned to Ollie when he was abandoned at the church?
Answer: Please take care of this baby. And love him like crazy too. (p. 16)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what is the name of the town they live in?
Answer: Maplewood (p. 23)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what genre of book does ZJ like to read?
Answer: Realistic Fiction (p. 27)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what is the name of Ollie’s mother?
Answer: Bernadette (p. 32)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what color rain boots does Daniel have?
Answer: Blue (p. 44)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what did they name the birch tree?
Answer: Sweet Pine (p. 53)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what position does Sightman play?
Answer: Wide Receiver (p. 70)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, which birthday are they celebrating for Daniel, when they meet at the skate park?
Answer: 12 (p. 107)

In Before the Ever After by Jacqueline Woodson, what does ZJ call his dad’s older sister?
Answer: Auntie Nan (p. 132)

In which book is a character forbidden to cross the creek?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 3)

In which book does a character’s grandmother make medicines and potions from plants and herbs? herbs?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 8)

In which book does a cat use a green sock as a comfort item?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 21)

In which book is a village known for making beautiful rag dolls?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 16)

In which book can a character predict things that will happen in the near future?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 25)

In which book does a king seek to make an alliance with eleven other rulers?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 36)

In which book is a large event to celebrate a character’s fifteenth birthday approaching?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 39)

In which book is it said that the river is so dangerous that only flotsam survives?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 39)

In which book is there a secret passageway hidden behind a bookshelf?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 52)

In which book is it said that hot chocolate calms the soul?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 58)

In which book does a character drink hot chocolate sprinkled with cayenne pepper?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 59)

In which book does a type of magic only work in the sunshine?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 63)

In which book is a character delivered a secret note that says, Don’t eat the pastries?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 176)

In which book is a character meant to change their shoes as part of a birthday ceremony?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 74)

In which book is a character excited to find that their dress was made with pockets?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 77)

In which book does a character wear a flotation vest filled with the fluffy fibers from the seed pods of kapok trees?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 90)

In which book does a character call themselves a “flume-ologist?”
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 105)

In which book does a character make a pair of shoes out of leather and cotton?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 113)

In which book does a character name a raft after their mother?
Answer: Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan (p. 116)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what type of bird is Lázaro?
Answer: Quetzal (or resplendent quetzal) (p. 2)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, the ancestors of what creature inhabit the oyamel forest?
Answer: Monarch butterflies (p. 2)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is Solimar’s Abuela’s full name?
Answer: Doña Ana Socorro (p. 8)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what are the first names of Solimar’s parents?
Answer: Sebastián and Rosalinda (p. 11)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is Solimar’s brother’s given first name, and what is the nickname everyone has called him since he was a toddler?
Answer: Constantino, Campeón (p. 11)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is the name of the massive fair in Puerto Rivera?
Answer: El Gran Mercado (p. 12)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, which herb does Abuela need for a medicinal tea that treats headaches and stomach ailments?
Answer: Mentha spicata (or spearmint) (p. 13)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, María’s mother was planning on making a pineapple cake for dessert, but changed her mind. What does she decide to make instead?
Answer: Orange flan (p. 26)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is Solimar’s nickname for Señor Verde?
Answer: The Shadow (p. 33)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is the name of the ship on which Campeón plans to secretly work as a deckhand?
Answer: La Quinta (p. 42)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is the full name of the magical folk healer who lives on the shadowy side of the mountain, and what is she more familiarly known as?
Answer: Doña Flor Espinoza, la curandera (p. 54)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what strong scent does Abuela say helps with remembering?
Answer: Eucalyptus (p. 62)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what drains the strength of the butterflies protected within Solimar’s rebozo?
Answer: Answering questions (magically) (p. 63)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is Lázaro’s original country of origin?
Answer: Guatemala (p. 70)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what will Solimar’s full title be once she is crowned Princess?
Answer: Princess Solimar Socorro Reyes Guadalupe of San Gregorio (p. 74) 

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is the name of the extremely dangerous second waterfall that Solimar must avoid on the river?
Answer: El Salto de los Ángeles (or Leap of Angels) (p. 92)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, what is the name of the net Berto has engineered over a waterfall?
Answer: The Confiscator (p. 99)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, how long ago did Berto’s father die?
Answer: Five years ago (p. 119)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, the final cavern of the labyrinth cave is filled with what animal?
Answer: Bats (p. 141)

In Solimar: The Sword of the Monarchs by Pam Muñoz Ryan, who switches places with King Sebastián to pose as king for their escape?
Answer: Arturo (p. 169)

In which book does someone use a white-noise machine?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 2)

In which book are siblings compared to Russian dolls, based on their similar appearances?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 13)

In which book is there a neighbor named Ms. Patel?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 15)

In which book are there siblings of Syrian descent?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 23)

In which book do they visit the neighborhood called Forked River?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 45)

In which book does someone declare that they are going to go to culinary school, business school, and play baseball?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 46)

In which book is it stated that it’s a scientific fact that once a kid turns fourteen, they start turning into a grump?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 55)

In which book is there a diner that has been missing the L in their sign that says Daily?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 58)

In which book is there a coupon for Perry’s Golf Course?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 61)

In which book is someone pee-shy?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 65)

In which book is there a dog that likes cucumbers?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 87)

In which book do they make Chicken Cutlets?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 88)

In which book do they make cupcakes that look like bald eagles?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 94)

In which book does someone add goat cheese to the omelet?
Answer: Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby (p. 123)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, how long was the Chaparral boat that their Mom was working on?
Answer: Forty-Five feet (p. 2)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what did the arrival of the Badger Boys mean?
Answer: The beginning of Summer (p. 6)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, how many feet wide was the lagoon from the end of their dock to the beginning of the Badgers’ dock?
Answer: Fifty feet (p. 7)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, the marshes are a national wildlife refuge and what are two types of birds that call it home?
Answer: Ospreys, Egret, or Blue Heron (p. 15)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what is the name of the thirteen foot Boston Whaler?
Answer: Raggedy Ann (p. 18)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what is Pork’s real name?
Answer: Pete (p. 25)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, how long has Sam been a member of the AliO’Connor family?
Answer: Three years (p. 28)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what is the name of Mr. Martin’s boat?
Answer: The Lovely Lilah (p. 41)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what is the name of the most lively restaurant on the river?
Answer: Captain’s Inn (p. 46)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what type of animal eats the fiddler crabs?
Answer: The Egrets (p. 53)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, how much does an ad cost for the biggest square on the mat at the diner?
Answer: Seven hundred forty-nine dollars and ninety-five cents (p. 66)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, where does everyone take their boats on the 4th of July?
Answer: Tices Shoal (p. 77)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what is the name of the Perezs’ boat?
Answer: The Happy Harpoon (p. 95)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, what is Sam’s grandmother’s room number?
Answer: Room 129 (p. 131)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, Sam’s grandma recites a poem by which poet to Harbor?
Answer: John Henry Yates (p. 134)

In Sam Makes a Splash by Nicole Melleby, how many flukes were Mr. Martin and Mr. Harris each able to keep?
Answer: 3 (p. 157)

In which book is Chapter One made up of nothing but repetitions of the letter X periodically separated by spaces and punctuation?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 2)

In which book does an ornate wooden box have inside a small brass plaque with the words: The Symphony of Smells?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 23)

In which book does a character cut every hair on their head the exact same length because they didn’t like to favor one hair over another?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 27)

In which book are the parents of a newborn so bitter and angry in their disagreement over choosing their baby’s name that they got a divorce as soon as they left the hospital with the baby?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 30)

In which book does a character practice lying by telling their mother that “they don’t have plates in Thailand?”
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 51)

In which book do divorced parents believe that every child should be raised with two parents in the house, so they live in separate halves of a house that has been split down the middle?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 56)

In which book do we read most of the story of “La Storia della Mia Vida” about two fraternal twins who were born in Italy and then sent to America together to escape Benito Mussolini?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 125)

In which book is synesthesia, the condition of sounds and colors and sounds all mixed up in one’s head, an important element?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 134)

In which book does a circus Ringmaster try to sell a pair of ten-year-old twins to a stranger for a few dollars?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 141)

In which book does a character send the school principal information about a missing student using a ransom note instead of a standard tip-off note from a concerned citizen?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 164)

In which book does the author assert that school subjects like math, English, and history are unnecessary in life, but Egyptology comes in handy time after time?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 183)

In which book is a character told by a doctor to practice having feelings? To name and then sit with his feelings for a while?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 195)

In which book were evil alchemists searching for the secret of everlasting life?
Answer: The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch (p. 289)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, the author wants the real location of the story to remain a mystery, so where does he ask the reader to imagine the story takes place?
Answer: “Your Hometown,” or the place that you live in. (p. 7)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Cass has a distinguishing physical feature. What is it?
Answer: She has rather large, pointy ears. (p. 11)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, while Cass is being introduced we learn her two word motto. What is it?
Answer: Be Prepared (p. 12)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Max-Ernest repeatedly poses this riddle: What is not enough for one, just right for two, and too much for three? What is the answer?
Answer: A Secret (p. 26)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, what is the secret word necessary to use the elevator in the magician’s house?
Answer: Please (p. 65)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Max-Ernest defines an anagram for Cassie. What is an anagram?
Answer: “It’s when two words have all the same letters but in a different order.” (p. 85)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, whose private office created the illusion of infinitely expanding space with many reflecting panels of mirrors on the walls and ceiling?
Answer: Ms. Mauvais (p. 215)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Ms. Mauvais suggests that Cass get cosmetic surgery to change her appearance. What body part does Ms. Mauvais reference?
Answer: Cass’ ears (p. 216)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Max-Ernest tells Cass that Dr. L will cure his condition with a lobotomy using a straw entering through what body part to reach his brain?
Answer: His nose (p. 223)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Ms. Mauvais rips off her long white glove after Cass spills the contents of a wine glass upon it. What is everyone shocked to see?
Answer: The ungloved hand of a very old woman [thin and frail fingers, nails yellow and cracked, and skin so translucent you could see bones, ligaments and veins]. (p. 236)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, what did all the many guests waiting for admittance to the pyramid have in common?
Answer: They were all wearing gloves. (p. 264)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, Max-Ernest could not swim and was afraid to cross the moat to the pyramid. Why didn’t he drown?
Answer: The water was only waist deep and they could wade across. (p. 291)

In The Name of This Book Is Secret by Pseudonymous Bosch, the book ends with a coded letter inviting Cass and Max-Ernest to become members of the Terces Society. The letter is signed “with the greatest admiration and respect, P.B.” Who is P.B.?
Answer: The missing magician, and twin brother to Dr.L, Pietro Bergamo (p. 351)

In which book does a character’s mother die when they are only four years old?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 11)

In which book does a newspaper headline read Tokyo Philharmonic Staves Off Deadly Typhoon?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 14)

In which book does a character find out their mother did not die in a car crash, as they had always been told?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 52)

In which book is a character given a piece of grape chewing gum in case of motion sickness?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 61)

In which book is there a magical cat named Wynk?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 83)

In which book does a character get mistaken for another student with the exact same name?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 84)

In which book is a wooden whistle with three holes actually a key?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 96)

In which book does a character find a book in the library that their mother checked out seven times?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 138)

In which book is the school’s main auditorium called “The Shell?”
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 141)

In which book is there a lake called Orpheus Lake?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 159)

In which book does a character steal someone’s cat as a trade?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 231)

In which book do characters get trapped by magical trees?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 272)

In which book does a character have an important test on Halloween?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 286)

In which book is there a tornado made up entirely of ghosts?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 309)

In which book is a character brought back from the dead?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 321)

In which book does a character’s grandmother forget her email password?
Answer: The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury (p. 354)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is the first rule of Musicraft?
Answer: A spell can charm or do great harm. Before you play, clear the way. (p. 2)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is Amelia’s Mystwick School audition number?
Answer: 242 (p. 19)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what song is the simple drying spell Amelia tries to use to clean up the grape juice she spilled before her audition?
Answer: The Itsy-Bitsy Spider (p. 22)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, which two instruments does Jai’s dad believe are not serious enough?
Answer: Sax (or saxophone) and guitar (p. 26)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what kind of vehicle picks Amelia up for her first day of school?
Answer: A zeppelin (p. 60)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, how many people in the world are licensed to teleport anything bigger than a refrigerator?
Answer: 16 (p. 65)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, name two of the four teacher Maestros of Mystwick School of Musicraft.
Answer: (Any two) Miss Noorani, Mr. Walters, Miss Becker, Mr. Pinwhistle (p. 81)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is the full name of the Headmaestro of Mystwick?
Answer: Euphonia Le Roux (p. 83)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what song does Amelia play at the edge of the Echo Wood on her first day at Mystwick?
Answer: Pachelbel’s Canon in D (p. 89)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what are the only two ways to leave Mystwick for good?
Answer: Either by graduating or being expelled (p. 93)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is Darby’s actual first name?
Answer: Hamako (p. 101)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is the name for all the students who play woodwind instruments?
Answer: Aeros (p. 127)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what four colors represent different kinds of spells?
Answer: Green, yellow, blue, white (p. 130)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, who is the school nurse, the librarian, and the dean of students?
Answer: Miss March (p. 157)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is the name for the metal staples clamped onto the ears of musicians who use magic for evil purposes?
Answer: Bars (p. 179)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is the name of the school rock club?
Answer: Rebel Clef (p. 215)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is Amelia’s dad’s full name?
Answer: Eric Neal (p. 237)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is the name of Amelia’s favorite opera?
Answer: The Magic Flute (p. 295)

In The Mystwick School of Musicraft by Jessica Khoury, what is Amelia’s actual middle name?
Answer: Grace (p. 334)

In which book does the story begin during monsoon rains and thunderstorms?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 1)

In which book does the team captain stand in for her basketball coach when he has to leave early?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 10)

In which book does someone use a scooter to give assistance to someone with an injured leg?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 23)

In which book does someone change out of their tennis shoes into flip flops when they get home from work?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 39)

In which book are the students studying the Pacific Rim of Fire?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 66)

In which book does a student fall asleep in class because they stayed up late playing Star Wars: Battlefront?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 71)

In which book does an elephant join a basketball team?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 84)

In which book does the main character admire a Golden State Warrior basketball player?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 89)

In which book does a character dig a pool in the middle of the night?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 117)

In which book does a main character rediscover swimming as an enjoyable activity?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 127)

In which book does someone overhear a conversation about herself while she’s in the girls’ restroom?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 225)

In which book does the basketball team travel to another team’s game?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 252)

In which book does someone love pineapple Cold Whip with extra coconut topping?
Answer: Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau (p. 347)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Jordan has two favorite basketball players. Who are they?
Answer: Michael Jordan and Steph Curry (p. 88)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Hans brings smoothies for his sister and friend. What kind are they?
Answer: Avocado and chocolate (p. 12)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Jordan hears something whimpering in the playground on the way home from school. What is it?
Answer: A white elephant (p. 19)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Jordan prays to an elephant god to watch over her elephant friend. What is the name of the god?
Answer: Lord Ganesh (p. 55)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, what is the first name that Jordan suggests for her elephant?
Answer: Cotton Puff (p. 58)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, who is Jordan named for?
Answer: Michael Jordan (p. 88)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Jordan’s dad pretends to be shopping for Nanek’s sewing club. What are two of the things he buys?
Answer: Mango and durian (p. 133)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Jordan’s basketball coach recommends that she try out for what other school athletic team?
Answer: Water polo (p. 154)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, why does Jordan miss the basketball team’s first game?
Answer: She has to stay late at water polo practice (p. 209)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, Kemala is afraid she will lose her scholarship. Why does she need it so badly?
Answer: Their farm isn’t doing well because of the drought (p. 224)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, in the last 10 seconds of the water polo game who scores?
Answer: Jordan (p. 293)

In Marshmallow & Jordan by Alina Chau, it turns out that the elephant is not an elephant. What is it?
Answer: A regional rain cloud (p. 340)

In which book does the character say “I’m a Girl Scout, and I’m here to save you”?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 12)

In which book do they have curtains that are tan colored?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 25)

In which book is there a turtle night-light?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 27)

In which book was there a packet of coupons for jumbo shrimp and other “sea delights”?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 32)

In which book do they plan to blame the shredding of the letters on the birds?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 38)

In which book do they have Coco Pops, Froot Loops and Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 41)

In which book do they own a backpack shaped like a turtle’s shell?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 47)

In which book are they warned to not try the clam flavored ice cream?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 56)

In which book is there a stuffed animal horse named Mr. Stickhorse?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 63)

In which book do they have a box of crayons with ninety-six colors?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 87)

In which book did they want to rename golf carts “Danger Mobiles”?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 90)

In which book did they go see The Wizard of Oz?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 127)

In which book did they order a chocolate-cherry ice cream cone?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 132)

In which book is someone’s scent identified as cinnamon toast and raspberry shampoo?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 146)

In which book did someone become mildly obsessed with Hungry Hungry Hippos?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 147)

In which book did they get a wild-cherry slurpee?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 186)

In which book did they attend a Science Explorers camp?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 204)

In which book does their mom make pancakes on Christmas morning, sometimes with strawberries in them?
Answer: Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak (p. 241)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what flavor are the crunchies first fed to Leonard?
Answer: Trout flavored (p. 3)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, according to Leonard’s joke, how many park rangers does it take to change a light bulb?
Answer: Twenty-two (p. 7)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, how tall is Earth’s largest flower?
Answer: Over nine feet tall (p. 21)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what is the name for a group of cats?
Answer: A clowder (p. 25)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, how long can alpine swifts fly without stopping?
Answer: Six months (p. 30)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what are the mountains made of on Leonard’s home planet?
Answer: Crystals (p. 34)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, which friend of Olive’s owns a family farm?
Answer: Hazel (p. 42)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, how many stingrays are at the aquarium?
Answer: Three (p. 48)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what are the two sharks named at the aquarium?
Answer: Steve and Martin (p. 57)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, how many days does the average human live for?
Answer: 28,835 (p. 68)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what percentage of Antarctic ice is made from penguin urine?
Answer: Three percent (p. 91)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what is the first message that Leonard types to Olive?
Answer: hello olive, it is me leonard i am an alien do not be scared. (p. 98)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, how old is Olive?
Answer: Eleven (p. 108)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what is the date of Norma’s Save the Sea Turtles event?
Answer: July eighteenth (p. 111)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what color is Olive’s beach towel?
Answer: Green (p. 182)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, what year was Q’s Winnebago?
Answer: Nineteen sixty-nine (p. 183)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, according to Norma, what's the name of the cafe that makes biscuits that are an educational experience?
Answer: Tupelo Honey cafe (p. 187)

In Leonard (My Life as a Cat) by Carlie Sorosiak, how far away from Old Faithful were they when the Winnebago broke down?
Answer: Fifteen Miles (p. 211)

In which book is the design and writing meant to be friendly to readers with dyslexia?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. -1)

In which book does a street dead-end at the St. Luke’s Epicopal Church Cemetery?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 7)

In which book is a sister mad about a drawing of her napping when she was supposed to be watching her siblings?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 12)

In which book does someone get teased for having a “nickname” and no middle name?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 13)

In which book does someone find relief from a busy household by drawing on the wall beside their bed?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 36)

In which book does someone rely on reading their friends lips as they read out loud from Western movie posters?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 49)

In which book do the kids build a clubhouse using old fence slats, bricks for the floor and a car window?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 60)

In which book does a mother keep her kid’s dinner warm by covering it with an upside down plate and setting it on top of a pot of water on a low flame?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 74)

In which book does someone get in trouble for wanting to see the Steel Pier High-Diving Horses?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 84)

In which book does someone accidentally kill a small bird with their bow and arrow?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 98)

In which book does someone consider their work helping to paint hex signs as great training?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 125)

In which book does someone drop out of college and get a job at a florist’s shop delivering flowers?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 133)

In which book does a museum purchase an original oil painting to hang in its collection, and give a shout out to the artist on their 81st birthday?
Answer: Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney (p. 141)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry’s favorite place to draw in his crowded home is where?
Answer: Under the upright piano keyboard (p. 29)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry finds a stash of what kind of magazines in a wardrobe full of bed linens? What was the main topic of those magazines?
Answer: Life magazine. World War II (p. 34)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry’s mother gives him something to calm his stomach before going to school. What is it?
Answer: Tums (p. 46)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, a teacher asks Jerry to help with a school wide unit about safety by doing what?
Answer: Drawing a fire engine on the chalkboard (p. 53)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, the boys ride their bikes to the Ben Franklin Bridge which crosses which river?
Answer: The Delaware (p. 68)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, what color are the police cars in Philadelphia?
Answer: Fire-engine red (p. 73)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, the family goes to the Jersey Shore for vacation. What is the name of the Black section of beach?
Answer: Chicken Bone Beach (p. 79)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry and his friends would offer shoe-shines outside of Woolworth five-and-dime. How much did they charge?
Answer: Fifteen cents (p. 107)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry finds the perfect still life in a shop window. What is in the shop window?
Answer: Headless mannequins in wedding dresses (p. 117)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry meets a real artist while selling newspapers. What is the artist’s name and what does he draw to make a living?
Answer: John Liney. A comic strip named HENRY. (p. 120)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, what is the subject of Jerry’s first oil painting?
Answer: Jesus praying at a rock (p. 127)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, Jerry goes to Murrell Dobbins Vocational High School to study what?
Answer: Commercial art (p. 128)

In Just Jerry: How Drawing Shaped My Life by Jerry Pinkney, the Philadelphia Museum of Art mounts a solo exhibition of Jerry’s work. What is the name of the exhibit?
Answer: Witness: The Art of Jerry Pinkney (p. 129)

In which book does a character quit their job at the hospital because they hate that everybody isn’t treated the same?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 11)

In which book did a character have the nickname “Cheetah” as a kid?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 13)

In which book does a character live with their brother, sister, mom, and two grandparents in a house built in the 1930s?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 13)

In which book is a character a third grader at Douglass Elementary?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 14)

In which book does a girl character anchor the boys’ 4x100 relay track team?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 22)

In which book is a character told to take off their hat on the first day of school?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 24)

In which book does a character want to look like football star Patrick Mahomes?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 29)

In which book does a character put a relaxer in their hair to straighten it?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 34)

In which book can a character afford to buy thirty pieces of ten-cent candy from the candy store?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 52)

In which book does a character get a visit from the County Health Inspector?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 69)

In which book does a character invite the whole town to a special competition?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 79)

In which book does a character teach ceramics classes?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 86)

In which book does a character rent a chair in a shop on weekends?
Answer: J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard (p. 117)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, how old are the Jones kids when they usually get their first haircut?
Answer: Nine (p. 7)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, name two of the three kids’ haircuts offered at Hart and Son Barbershop.
Answer (any two): Baldie, Cesar, fade (p. 9)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, when J.D. asks his mom for a haircut before the first day of school, whose picture does he show her for inspiration?
Answer: Michael B. Jordan (p. 10)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what was the name of the college where J.D.’s parents met as track stars?
Answer: Mississippi Valley State (p. 13)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, name the town and state where J.D. lives.
Answer: Meridian, Mississippi (p. 13)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what business did J.D.’s grandfather go into after retiring from running the local JCPenney?
Answer: Burial insurance (p. 17)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what is the first and last name of the only girl on J.D.’s peewee football team?
Answer: Jessyka Fleet (p. 22)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what does it mean for Jordan’s family to be “Creasters?”
Answer: They only go to church on Christmas and Easter (p. 27)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, who is on the cover of the Madden NFL 20 video game?
Answer: Patrick Mahomes (p. 29)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, how much does a kids’ haircut cost at Hart and Son Barbershop?
Answer: $7.50 (p. 30)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what type of cream does J.D.’s mom use monthly to straighten her hair?
Answer: Relaxer (p. 32)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, how old is Justin when J.D. cuts his hair for the first time?
Answer: Three (p. 41)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, when J.D. cuts Jordan’s hair for the first time, what two images does he shave into the haircut?
Answer: Jumpman, Chicago Bulls logo (p. 51)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, how much does J.D. charge his friends for haircuts when he first starts his business?
Answer: $3.00 (p. 52)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what is the name of the County Health Inspector?
Answer: Robert Victor (p. 69)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what does J.D. buy with his earnings?
Answer: A new video game console (p. 73)

In J.D. and the Great Barber Battle by J. Dillard, what is the first of three hairstyles the contestants have to cut in the Great Barber Battle?
Answer: A fade (p. 101)

In which book is a Sunday trip to the hair salon a weekly family tradition?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 16)

In which book do two girls end up crying together in a closet because they don’t compare well to Diana?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 34)

In which book does the main character say they don’t want to see family sometimes because they are worried they will make fun of them?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 51)

In which book does the main character wonder if they could make their hair be “what it was supposed to be,” then people would let them be themself?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 63)

In which book is someone teased by being told they look like they got electrocuted, and they look like Chewbacca?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 84)

In which book does a mother say that straightened hair makes it easier to fit in and looks more professional?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 132)

In which book do we learn that the main character’s mother was bullied about her own appearance in her youth?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 147)

In which book does a character and their aunt share “wash day 101” together?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 154)

In which book does a mother sit down on the kitchen floor with her daughter to have a serious talk about feelings?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 197)

In which book do friends watch video tutorials for styling advice?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 51)

In which book does a chicken named Cantinflas warm up to the main character?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 146)

In which book does someone distract herself at the salon by pretending she is like Dulce Maria from the Super Amigas?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 8)

In which book does a best friend say, “You know I love your curls! But it doesn’t make a difference what you look like to me. I just want you to be happy.”?
Answer: Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra (p. 56)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, the book opens with an extra visit to the hair salon to prepare for a special occasion. What is the occasion?
Answer: Marlene’s cousin’s quince. (p. 4)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, before “picture time” at the quince, Mami scolds Marlene and asks her “What happened to your hair?” How does Marlene respond?
Answer: She says “ I was sweating.” (p. 39)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, what is Marlene’s favorite class at school?
Answer: Art (p. 87)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, what do kids in her class stick in Marlene’s hair?
Answer: Tape (p. 104)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, while visiting Marlene’s home, cousin Diana says “I am so glad I have…you know…” What is she glad to have?
Answer: “Good Hair” (p. 114)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, how does Marlene describe her ears after her mom braids her hair?
Answer: as “Satellites (p. 73)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, where is Tia Ruby’s garden?
Answer: On the roof (p. 145)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, when Marlene asks “Why don’t we like our own hair?”, how does Tia Ruby respond?
Answer: She says “Because of something called anti-Blackness” (p. 150)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, what do Marlene and Ruby eat while waiting for Marlene’s hair to dry?
Answer: Pizza (p. 169)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, after Marlene lets her hair go more natural, who is the next person who stops straightening their naturally curly hair?
Answer: Marlene’s mother (p. 207)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, Marlene says her house is like every house, except their furniture is really big, and they have a lot of pictures of someone. Who do they have a lot of pictures of?
Answer: Jesus (p. 65)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, during wash day 101, what comes after the product part, and before the waiting for hair to dry? You flip your hair over and do what?
Answer: “Scrunch” (p. 168)

In Frizzy by Claribel A. Ortega and Rose Bousamra, the “reveal station” is also known as what?
Answer: The mirror (p. 172)

In which book is there a teacher named Ms. Hayley?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 16)

In which book does the character have a mom named Nina?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 18)

In which book does the character have the nickname Cupcake?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 29)

In which book does their mom sing “Good Night Sweetheart” before bed?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 37)

In which book is there a teacher named Mr. Olsen?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 45)

In which book is there a place called Millington Sables?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 63)

In which book did they throw a milk carton into the ceiling fan and sprayed the whole school?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 73)

In which book does the character eat 11 carrot sticks while waiting?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 76)

In which book is their principal named Principal Dickens?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 99)

In which book do they bury their happy meal toys in the snow?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 128)

In which book is there a map on yellow paper drawn with a pink marker?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 131)

In which book do they receive a purple party invitation with sparkly gold ink?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 144)

In which book do they play ultimate Uno?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 173)

In which book do they hate mashed potatoes?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 208)

In which book do they play ballet HORSE?
Answer: Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter (p. 220)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is the name of the farm where the horse Summer camp is going to be?
Answer: Cruxman Farms (p. 6)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what color does Gwendolyn associate with the feeling of anger?
Answer: Blue (p. 28)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what does Gwendolyn say that fish oil smells like?
Answer: Poison (p. 33)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what color is Tyler’s backpack?
Answer: Purple (p. 43)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is the name of Gwendolyn’s school?
Answer: Banneker Charter Middle School (p. 83)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what topic do Thais and Gwendolyn chose to study for their project?
Answer: Dolphin (p. 49)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, during her 3rd grade assessment what does the color green signify?
Answer: That she’s exceeding (p. 57)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what color is Tyler’s laptop?
Answer: Blue (p. 86)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is the name of Hettie’s brother?
Answer: Nolan (p. 104)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is Gwendolyn’s higher power?
Answer: Confidence (p. 141)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is Thais’ last name?
Answer: Gonzalez (p. 144)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is the grand prize that Gwendolyn wins in Mr. Olsen’s class?
Answer: A Rubik’s Cube (p. 205)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is Hettie’s response to Gwendolyn’s text “U WERE RITE! I’ll be at camp!”?
Answer: I (heart emoji) you (p. 255)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what color glasses does Marty’s mom have?
Answer: Pink (p. 261)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what does the flag say hanging in Marty’s room?
Answer: PRIDE (p. 262)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is Hettie’s last name?
Answer: McFee (p. 295)

In Fifty-Four Things Wrong with Gwendolyn Rogers by Caela Carter, what is the first item on the Awesome Things About Ryler Rogers list?
Answer: Does the best tightest braids (p. 309)

In which book does Big Jean, The World’s Most Intelligent Elephant, solve math problems on a chalkboard?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 166)

In which book is Victoria also known as The Amazing Amazonian Bird Woman?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 190)

In which book did children chew jelly cubes that lit up whenever they bit down on them, and the candy glowed right through the skin of their cheeks?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 157)

In which book is the music of pipes and drums heard before a magic circus appears?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 149)

In which book do friends create a school project using knots like an Incan quipu?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 100)

In which book does a character offer someone a miracle “as long as it is within my power.”?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 120)

In which book is a character called both “Lightbender” and the Man Who Bends Light?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 133)

In which book does a character twist or yank her braids when she is nervous?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 46)

In which book is there a menagerie where all of the animals were magical in some way, free from their cages, and very friendly?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 164)

In which book does a breeze blowing through the classroom retie knots to form the message: “Midnight. Follow the wind”?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 103)

In which book does one character try to convince their friend that grandpa’s stories about magic are not real?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 52)

In which book is a family bootlace important to the story?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 272)

In which book does Gertie jump off a roof believing that Victoria would catch her?
Answer: Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley (p. 233)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, what did Ephraim use as an entrance ticket for his first visit to the circus?
Answer: A fish (p. 68)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, Ephraim performs the only trick he knows for the Lightbender. What is it?
Answer: Ephraim uses his bootlace to tie a knot of great complexity. (p. 118)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, who is the manager of the circus?
Answer: Mr. Head (p. 163)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, two of the main characters are a grandfather and grandson. What are their first names?
Answer: Ephraim and Micah (p. 178)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, what did Jenny need to do to first see the magic circus?
Answer: Just pretend for a second. (and/or) Just say, “It’s a magic circus.” (p. 152)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, what are the two circus tents that are most intriguing to Ephraim?
Answer: The tents of The Bird Woman and The Man Who Bends Light (p. 72)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, who came all the way from Arizona to make sure things were “done correctly” while Grandpa Ephraim was sick?
Answer: Aunt Gertrudis (p. 4)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, what type of animal is Chintzy the messenger?
Answer: A parrot (p. 81)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, how did Victoria Starling's parents die?
Answer: In an airplane accident (p. 140)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, who visited Jenny and Micah in the treehouse, smelling of sewage?
Answer: Chintzy the parrot (p. 87)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, Micah teaches Jean something no other elephant knows. What is it?
Answer: How to tie knots (p. 168)

In Circus Mirandus by Cassie Beasley, Grandpa Ephraim saved his miracle for his grandson. What was Grandpa Ephraim’s last wish?
Answer: For the Lightbender to take Micah to Circus Mirandus (p. 288)